feat: add `merge_tags` option (#9)
timmeinerzhagen/mkdocs-meta-manager: README.md

## Usage

Add meta files with the name `.meta.yml` (can be configured) in your docs file structure.

All markdown files in the same folder and in subfolders automatically get all tags that are defined in the given meta file.

## Options

`meta_filename`
Change the default name of the meta file. (default=`.meta.yml`)

`merge_tags`

> Merge all the meta files and page tags altogether (default=`false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merge the tags of all relevant meta files and pages for a page (default=`false`)
```
